(Episode 24)
My goodness.
(The Monami folder got leaked.)
We succeeded in opening the folder,
but the video file got damaged while getting transferred to our system.
But we managed to save a short clip that lasts about a few minutes.
But their password was a little funny.
It was "Sandwich".
Okay.
We failed to steal Aji 3's technical file,
but we managed to save an unexpected video clip.
Yes, sir.
My goodness gracious!
What? Friend Mode?
He was such a show-off.
Do you think you can be my friend?
He had no idea what a fool he made of himself.
Dad.
You know I love you, right?
Of course I do. And I love myself too.
Then will you let me go now?
I...
want to live the way I want and follow my will.
I like someone...
and I don't want to be engaged to or marry Min Kyu.
This place makes good coffee.
Dad, please.
I'm talking to you sincerely.
I'll be sincere with you as well.
Your partner is Kim Min Kyu.
Don't make me lose...
the respect I have for you.
Please.
I'm really sorry.
We're booked for lunch, so I can't take any more guests.
Well, we aren't here to eat.
- Is Jo Ji A here? - Hello.
Hi.
- Where's Min Kyu? - Upstairs. He'll be in the shower.
Did you...
He didn't find out.
He promised not to bother me again.
Are you okay?
Take him home before the customers arrive.
Hello?
I'm on Geoje Island.
Do you want anything?
We're fine.
Just come back to Seoul with Doctor Hong.
Do you miss me that much?
Of course we do, brother.
Get back here soon.
I heard the yuzu bread is famous here. I'll get you some.
And I heard it'll be cold tonight.
You can all sleep in my house.
I bought more beddings. Okay?
Brother!
This is just so...
Just get back here safely.
You people are being punished in such odd ways.
I shouldn't have...
made such a promise.
You look better than you did when you got here yesterday.
Did you work out the misunderstanding?
I need to work. What shall I do?
The customers will start coming in soon.
You were in the cold all night. Go get some rest.
I want to work.
Oh dear.
Hello.
Why? Today?
How come?
Okay, I'll come right over.
Is something wrong?
Old people tend to get into accidents in the winter.
I must go to the hospital.
It's Hong Joo's.
I can't do lunch today.
Go eat somewhere else.
All right. I called you, okay?
I shouldn't be gone for long.
Close the restaurant for me after your friends leave.
- Take care. - I will.
You've lost a lot of weight.
There's nothing like a heartbreak to make you lose weight.
Are you okay?
- Yes. - Let's go back to Seoul.
I need to tell you something about work.
Then let's go to Seoul.
I apologize, Hong Joo.
He won't do anything like this again.
I trust you won't.
You promised.
I should go.
Goodbye.
Bye.
Don't be silly. That's nonsense.
- It's not nonsense, okay? - I'm starving to death.
- Come on. - Okay.
You're such a joker.
Ma'am.
Ma'am, we're here.
- Oh, hello. - Hello.
She called to say she can't take you today.
No.
We didn't get such a call.
You can't cancel on the day. We never got the call.
Is this your first day at work?
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
Skip the apology.
We don't need anything extravagant. Just bring us food.
Come on in, guys.
What was the delay for? I'm starving.
- Come on in. - Let's sit down.
- Hey. - My goodness.
- Anything will do. - I'm really sorry.
There's no one to cook at the moment...
Assorted sashimi,
seafood stew, and seafood pajeon is on the menu.
If that will do,
please sit, and wait in silence.
If you don't, you won't get any food, okay?
- Just feed us anything. - We're starving.
Get us some soju first.
What are you doing?
Get out. You promised.
Can you cut sashimi?
- No. - What about pajeon?
No... No.
I can.
I'll leave right after this.
Ji...
Hong Joo, what should we do?
What... What should we do?
Hong Joo can assist me. You two can serve. Okay?
- Get moving. - We... We serve.
Okay. Yes.
Hello, Mr. Jo.
Hello.
Why did you call me?
Why? Can I not because I'm no longer your CEO?
No. Please go ahead.
You have a younger sister.
I think I saw her before.
What do you mean?
It seems like...
there are some people who look just like Aji 3.
Your sister.
Do you have anything to say?
I think...
there's a misunderstanding.
My sister knows nothing about robots.
Doctor Hong just made a robot based on her.
Does your sister know nothing about this?
Yes.
You don't know her well.
What?
I wonder why...
Doctor Hong gave Aji 3...
your sister's face.
They used to know each other.
It's true.
My sister has nothing to do with this.
Hong Joo, pass me a small plate.
Pass them down the table.
The food's here.
Hong Joo.
Here you go.
- Try some. - You must have some.
Gosh, the sashimi tastes great.
- Let's go. - I'm full.
That was good.
Thank you.
- We enjoyed that. - It was great.
- See you later. - Thank you.
[VIU Ver] E24 I'm Not a Robot "You Promised"
-= Ruo Xi =-
There. We should...
eat as well.
Hong Joo.
Is your surname Kim or Ji?
I thought she was about to call you Ji Hong Joo.
That was my mistake.
She's Kim Hong Joo.
Yes.
Oh, Kim Hong Joo.
Hong Joo, enjoy your meal.
It'll be the first and last time you try my cooking.
Eat up.
Do you...
like it?
It's very good.
Try this too.
It's a seafood pajeon made with my mom's recipe.
It's a work of art.
And try this too.
It's so good.
I should've told Director Kim the truth.
That Aji 3 has my sister's face,
and that she dated Doctor Hong.
I should've just told him.
All right.
Before things get out of hand,
I'll have to tell him now.
Hello?
It's about Aji 3.
I'll call you back. I'm eating right now.
Okay.
Why? Am I stuffing my face?
No.
I once wondered...
how Aji 3 would feel if she could...
try my cooking.
I thought this must be how she'd feel.
Right.
Stop it before she gets sick.
Sorry.
It's fine.
This will be your last time anyway.
It was Mr. Hwang who resigned, not President Kim.
You really think I wouldn't know?
Things have been going wrong in unexpected ways.
I have waited long enough.
I am running out of patience.
I'm going to send someone there myself.
There's still more time until the date I promised.
Please let us handle it just until then.
Was that Martin?
He found out that you resigned.
Tell him...
that I'll come back as a director.
And you can...
gather the board directors again.
- What for? - Doctor Hong Baek Gyoon...
and the Santa Maria team...
had duped Kim Min Kyu.
- What? - I wasn't the one...
that should have resigned.
It should've been Min Kyu.
What's this?
"Mon ami"?
That's French for "my friend".
Hoktal.
I told you to check and delete it before.
It's not mine.
Then who made it?
- It's not Doctor Hong's. - What?
Then whose is it?
Wait.
Ssanip.
Do you remember...
when Aji 3 made her own backup folder last year?
Yes.
That messed with all the deep-learning folders...
we'd extracted patterns from, and it drove us crazy
This robot made...
her own backup folder?
Just a moment.
Aji 3.
The Monami folder.
Did you make it?
Yes, I made it.
Hey!!
You can't keep bringing out folders we put in the trash.
It wasn't from the trash.
I saved it before the reset.
Everything you did for me.
The feelings.
I'll remember them forever.
What's that?
Didn't we delete everything?
Then the folder that got leaked...
contains a video of our brother's deep-learning...
What the heck.
Brother? Kim Min Kyu?
I kept the promise with my friend.
(Overseas Travel)
(East America)
You finally got paid extra and can afford to go to the Alps.
Why are you pouting like a child?
The Alps isn't the problem right now, Uncle.
Then what is?
She...
wanted to know what kind of person I was.
Who did?
Who are you?
I want to know about you too.
No one had ever said that to me.
Didn't I ever say that to you?
We should go before sunset.
Min Kyu.
We all ate. Shouldn't we do the dishes too?
It's okay, I'll do it. I'm strong.
Then would you do this with me?
No, no, I'll do it.
Let me help.
Hong Joo, take her outside. She's a nuisance.
Let's go.
You couldn't take the hint.
You could've just let me and Hong Joo do it.
How uncomfortable would she feel?
You'd have stared at her while you did all these dishes.
When I look at her, my heart...
It beats fast like when I saw Aji 3.
I become excited, itchy, and happy.
I want to see more of her. What am I supposed to do?
And I find it strange...
to feel...
that my connection with her...
won't end here.
I think there will be a next time and something more.
Isn't that strange?
While I was locked up with him,
I was really scared that he might find out,
but I was also happy.
However,
I slowly started to become greedy.
I thought maybe he might...
forgive me and trust me if I told him the truth...
since he likes me so much.
Since I started to become greedy,
it got a little difficult towards the end.
But...
that can't happen, right?
It's...
really goodbye now.
I really enjoyed the meal...
you made.
Then let's be friends.
You promised that you'll never show up before me again.
You must keep that promise.
But...
why do I feel like...
we're going to meet again?
That's not going to happen.
It never will.
You promised that you'll never show up before me again.
You must keep that promise.
But...
why do I feel like...
we're going to meet again?
That's not going to happen.
It never will.
Here.
Do you have an upset stomach?
I'll be fine if I take medicine.
Yes?
What?
What are you saying? Be more specific.
What should we do?
We never imagined that Aji 3 would've done such a thing.
We're on our way back to Seoul.
So I want you to check how much of the video got leaked.
What happened?
Aji 3 had saved a backup file of Min Kyu's deep learning process.
- What? - We need to hurry.
Okay.
Where did he go?
Come in.
Hey.
Yoo Cheol showed me everything already.
He's starting to think smart now.
Something additional came out, and I looked into it.
It's something very interesting.
- What? - Director Kim...
had an illness.
It was crucial enough for him to get dismissed from his position.
(Hong Joo's)
The owner's not there right now.
I'm looking for a young woman.
She's about this tall, and she has short hair.
She packed her bags and left.
What? She... She left?
When? Where did she go?
She just left. She went this way.
I think she left about five minutes ago.
I'm pretty sure he went back to the sashimi restaurant.
I finally found her.
That... That's...
That's the necklace I gave to Aji 3.
Let... Let me explain everything.
Have you been...
lying to me this whole time?
I feel like I'm going to throw up.